[Autogenerated] a service linked role is a special roll
that can only be assumed by an A.
W s service.
A service linked role gives the service permission to
call other AWS services on your behalf.
For example,
the easy to auto scaling service needs to create
and terminate E C two instances,
register instances with a load balancer and manage CloudWatch alarms.
The service linked role for easy to auto scaling gives that
service permission to perform those activities in your AWS
account in order to use a service linked role.
The I am user creating the service must have
permission to create a service linked role.
Let me say that again.
If a user does not have permission to create a service linked role,
they may experience.
I am errors when trying to launch in AWS service that
relies on a service linked role.
Once a service think role has been added to your account,
then the service that needs it will be ready to do,
and other users shouldn't have a problem using that service.
Let's take a look at the service linked roles in an AWS account and how
service linked roles are added when using certain AWS services.
If you go to roles, notice how some of them are prefixed with AWS services.
These are the service linked roles that have been added to this account.
Suppose we wanted to create a load balancer in our AWS account.
This is just for an example.
I'm not really adding anything to this load balancer.
Notice how it's in the provisioning state.
It's going to be there for a little bit because we don't yet
have the AWS service role for load balancers,
so the service can't do what it needs to do in our account until it
has permissions from that service linked role.
When we refresh our roles list,
notice how the elastic load balancing AWS services
linked role has been added to our list.
If we go back to the load balance or create now, it's active.
Because the EEC to admin role had E C two full access, it was able to.
Add the service role for elastic load balancing without any problem.
If you determine that you have too many AWS service
linked roles in your account,
you can always check on last account activity to see if it's even being used.
Then you can go ahead and remove those from your account.
Keep in mind that there can be some delay with the last activity.
So in this case we still have elastic load balancers,
so we can't delete that until all of those load
balancers have also been deleted.
It's a good idea to go through from time to time and
clean up roles that aren't being used,
so you're not granting more permissions than you need to way to go.
You now know about I am users and groups and how you can use those to
improve the organization of your account and manage access.
You've also seen how to apply policies to limit what a
user could do within an AWS account.
We've covered I am roles and how they could be used by allowing a user to
assume permissions they don't normally have and how AWS services use rolls
to interact with other AWS services for you.
Join me in the next module,
where we'll talk about managing cross account access with roles and resource policies